---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stacklet_gcp_integration Data Source - terraform-provider-stacklet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve information about a GCP integration.
---

# stacklet_gcp_integration (Data Source)

Retrieve information about a GCP integration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stacklet_gcp_integration" "example" {
  key = "my-gcp-integration"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The key identifying the GCP integration.

### Read-Only

- `access_config` (Attributes) Live connection details populated after Terraform has been applied; null until then. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config))
- `customer_config` (Attributes) Customer-provided configuration defining the desired scope and surfaces Terraform to deploy it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_config))
- `id` (String) The GraphQL Node ID of the GCP integration.

<a id="nestedatt--access_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config`

Read-Only:

- `cost_sources` (Attributes List) Billing export tables and their locations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--cost_sources))
- `infrastructure` (Attributes) The GCP infrastructure project and its relay and WIF configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure))
- `organizations` (Attributes List) Accessible GCP organizations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--organizations))
- `roundtrip_digest` (String) Digest of the customer config at deployment time.
- `security_contexts` (Attributes List) Named sets of roles granted to principals. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--security_contexts))

<a id="nestedatt--access_config--cost_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.cost_sources`

Read-Only:

- `billing_table` (String) The BigQuery table containing billing export data.
- `location` (String) The BigQuery dataset location.


<a id="nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.infrastructure`

Read-Only:

- `baseline_roles` (List of String) Roles applied to all security contexts.
- `project_id` (String) The GCP project hosting Stacklet infrastructure.
- `relay` (Attributes) Event relay identity credential. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure--relay))
- `wif` (Attributes) Workload Identity Federation configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure--wif))

<a id="nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure--relay"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.infrastructure.relay`

Read-Only:

- `oauth_id` (String) The numeric unique_id of the events-relay Google Service Account.


<a id="nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure--wif"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.infrastructure.wif`

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String) The full resource name URI of the GCP WIF pool provider.
- `principals` (Attributes) WIF service account principals by role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure--wif--principals))

<a id="nestedatt--access_config--infrastructure--wif--principals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.infrastructure.wif.principals`

Read-Only:

- `cost_query` (String) Service account email for cost queries.
- `read_only` (String) Service account email for read-only resource sync.




<a id="nestedatt--access_config--organizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.organizations`

Read-Only:

- `folders` (Attributes List) Accessible folders within the organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--organizations--folders))
- `id` (String) The GCP organization ID.
- `name` (String) The GCP organization name.
- `projects` (Attributes List) Accessible projects within the organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_config--organizations--projects))

<a id="nestedatt--access_config--organizations--folders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.organizations.folders`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--access_config--organizations--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.organizations.projects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `number` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--access_config--security_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_config.security_contexts`

Read-Only:

- `extra_roles` (List of String) GCP roles granted in addition to the baseline ones.
- `name` (String) The security context name.
- `principal` (String) The GCP identity granted these roles.



<a id="nestedatt--customer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_config`

Read-Only:

- `cost_sources` (Attributes List) Billing export tables to use for cost data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_config--cost_sources))
- `infrastructure` (Attributes) The GCP project where Stacklet resources will be deployed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_config--infrastructure))
- `organizations` (Attributes List) GCP organizations, folders, and projects Stacklet will manage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_config--organizations))
- `security_contexts` (Attributes List) Named sets of extra roles to grant beyond the integration defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_config--security_contexts))
- `terraform_module` (Attributes) Terraform module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_config--terraform_module))

<a id="nestedatt--customer_config--cost_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_config.cost_sources`

Read-Only:

- `billing_table` (String) The BigQuery table containing billing export data.


<a id="nestedatt--customer_config--infrastructure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_config.infrastructure`

Read-Only:

- `create_project` (Attributes) Configuration for creating the Stacklet infrastructure project, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_config--infrastructure--create_project))
- `project_id` (String) The GCP project ID for Stacklet infrastructure.
- `resource_location` (String) The GCP location for Stacklet resources.
- `resource_prefix` (String) The prefix prepended to all Stacklet-managed resource names.

<a id="nestedatt--customer_config--infrastructure--create_project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_config.infrastructure.create_project`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels applied to the created project.

Read-Only:

- `billing_account_id` (String) The billing account to associate with the created project.
- `folder_id` (String) The folder in which to create the project.
- `org_id` (String) The organization in which to create the project.



<a id="nestedatt--customer_config--organizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_config.organizations`

Read-Only:

- `folder_ids` (List of String) Folders to manage within the organization.
- `org_id` (String) The GCP organization ID.
- `project_ids` (List of String) Individual projects to manage within the organization.


<a id="nestedatt--customer_config--security_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_config.security_contexts`

Read-Only:

- `extra_roles` (List of String) Additional GCP roles to grant for this context.
- `name` (String) The security context name.


<a id="nestedatt--customer_config--terraform_module"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_config.terraform_module`

Read-Only:

- `repository_url` (String) The repository URL.
- `source` (String) The module source.
- `variables_json` (String) The module variables as JSON.
- `version` (String) The module version.
