---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stacklet_policy_collection Data Source - terraform-provider-stacklet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve a policy collection by UUID or name.
---

# stacklet_policy_collection (Data Source)

Retrieve a policy collection by UUID or name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch a policy collection by UUID
data "stacklet_policy_collection" "by_uuid" {
  uuid = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}

# Fetch a policy collection by name
data "stacklet_policy_collection" "by_name" {
  name = "aws-security-policies"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the policy collection.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the policy collection.

### Read-Only

- `auto_update` (Boolean) Whether the policy collection automatically updates policy versions.
- `cloud_provider` (String) The cloud provider for the policy collection.
- `description` (String) The description of the policy collection.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Whether this is a dynamic policy collection.
- `dynamic_config` (Attributes) Configuration for dynamic behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_config))
- `id` (String) The GraphQL Node ID of the policy collection.
- `role_assignment_target` (String) An opaque identifier for role assignments. Use this value when assigning roles to this resource.
- `system` (Boolean) Whether this is a system policy collection.

<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_config`

Read-Only:

- `branch_name` (String) The repository branch from which policies are imported.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace for policies from the repository.
- `policy_directories` (List of String) Optional list of subdirectory to limit the scan to.
- `policy_file_suffixes` (List of String) Optional list of suffixes for policy files to limit the scan to.
- `repository_uuid` (String) The UUID of the repository the collection is linked to.
